I really have no idea. I don't actually know a lot about like, I know, like, closed captions on television. Like, it'll be like really? Well, it's going to be delayed. If you look at the screen, it has that slight delay over what I'm talking about. Okay? Because it has to think or what is this word, but also this thing is designed to insert things like punctuation and clean up things. That people who say that you don't actually want to transcribe. Like the word like being used as a filler word, or not even transcribing that word. So that's how it's gonna be. It's what it's designed for. You want to do this. What I'm thinking up mom takes a lot of me I can't do this it would be ridiculous. But for me, I like it for what I'm doing right now, which is transcribing what I'm saying because that way I can take notes from mom, the upper levels of this are able to sit in on a meeting and transcribe whatever is that and because she had said times where she's in multiple meanings, it will enable her to actually have multiple transcripts that later on she can go through because her attention and that makes sense. So what do you think Virginia? And frankly, the other thing that you guys could use this for? In the future, if your teachers are comfortable with it? It's conceivable you could use this for school well, with you, Ali, I'm actually talking about college or school or classes that are that are lecture, not for the whole class, but like it's a teacher is explaining how something works. And that teachers the kind of teacher that does a long lecture that kind of class, right? Not the kind of class where it's this collaborative effort. Because unless you're trying to keep track of that, it isn't really probably wouldn't, you know, but like in the beginning of the class, when the teacher sign up, do everything. Building I want to find out and this is something later on down the pike is can this thing transcribed in post in the chat right after the fact. So if I have a recording of something can I put it into the software and have the software transcribed? But a lot of times what happens is unless it is doing the recording, but if you for instance, if you have a cheap little cassette recorder thing, and you put it on your teacher's desk while he's lecturing or she's lecturing at the front of the class to be able to pick up his voice or her voice really well. So you don't have to worry about putting your phone up. And you don't have to worry about the acoustics of the room as much because it's closer to Speaker make sense? Asleep I'm free. I know it'll transfer Yeah, it's still transcribing. I know it'll transcribe when it's on a different screen too. But so yesterday, when I tested it, I tested it for a while was it up, but then I tested it. I flipped over to the map and it was still recording with the map. So this is what I have for you guys. There's also maybe something for you guys, when you're doing that you want to transcribe ideas and notes for writing or for a paper or for anything that you see that way you don't have to worry about getting it from your brain to your hand to the paper. You can get it from your brain to your mouse to the to the screen might be simpler than no both of you guys enjoy using the Will you especially Virginia enjoy using the the dictation feature and this is just a fancy when you talk to the we talk a theory but this is this is a little bit different. But also designed to be for long periods of time too because we were already doing this for about five minutes and excel transcribing everything because I think some of it is also is trying to it'll cut out some of the crap because no one talks perfectly. There's I mean, it's not I also don't know if it's gonna go back and clean up right let's see how this works.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai