All right, find some notes this morning or at least the things to do some research on. So I want to do some research on how much for a sewing form and or how to make one myself. I think that'd be cool. Also, I do some research on getting a map of the local area to teach the girls orienteering, or map work and land navigation. I think that would be really cool I need to do some research on bandoliers technical bandoleer I think that would be cool. Need to Talk to Virginia about and Ally about if they want to get anything tonight to give the teachers tomorrow before the break something I had in my head that wanted to research on I can't think of it it'll come to me I want to research how to make a silicone mold to use with resin that would be interesting. hydrophone hydrophobic fabric and hydrophobic ponchos. Otter wax for rain rain proofing and weather proofing of fabric I had an interesting conversation with the girls too. That eventually evolved into talking about clocks and compasses and maps, water and navigating the immensity of the world and then see the ocean existential horror of it all and all of it all. They had made me have a really crazy thought about what if Captain Hook Up is trying to capture Peter Pan in order to get his compass back and wants the darling of kids in order to get a pocket watch from one of them in order to have a compass and watch so that way he can navigate his way back home away from Neverland. Because without those two he can't travel in a straight line and doesn't know how fast he's traveling. I think it's an intriguing thought as a character idea, as a story ideas twist on Peter Pan making making Captain Hook actually not the bad guy making him the good guy. When he's giving him reasons for why he's doing what he's doing. I think it's an interesting thought pattern. So weather is really crap today. I wonder if you can transcribe curse words. Like fuck and shit and act to curiosity or motherfucker. So we'll see if that works. Want to do some research on voice detect AI how to build one from scratch, not relying on someone else's stuff or someone else's library out of thin training off of specific people's voices. And then make it so that they can do it better and better and better. The more conversations with those people at yours. I think that would be an intriguing idea and then match that with a chatbot for d&d purposes. I think that would be an important role playing game purposes. I think that'd be an interesting thought. I need to develop a mermaid graph for my OSR idea I think having something that actually lines out are lining up mechanics for it would be a good idea to get a visualization on it to help my brain work a little bit easier, a little bit better. I think that'd be pretty cool. Also thinking about going back and re working on a world built concept of you take start with earth and you go back in history to certain points, and then you extrapolate from there forward. What if different things that happened or different people that happened or the geography was slightly different? What would that look like? See? See what the world looks like from there? I think that'd be an intriguing idea. I'm still struggling with coming up with a good vision of a world both for my OSR build, but also for the book I want to write with the amnesiac socialites. That woman whatever else and I can't tell if that's just procrastination and delaying because writing is not as easy as it used to be or I can't get my head wrapped around it. Just depression I don't know how to look at that. Look at figuring out some form of natural language processing for these notes to start working on how to extrapolate or extract stuff from them easier faster. I think it'd be a good idea. I really want to learn more on AI ml. I need to start studying that. I don't understand the concept as well as I want to read I feel to build one I got it right now

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

[This note may be incomplete because it was exported before processing was finished.]